Add diagnostics challenge groups (#205)
ccao-data/model-res-avm: reports/challenge groups/challenge_groups.qmd

  prb_no_sop = \(x, y) gte_n(y, 2, prb(x, y, na.rm = TRUE), NA_real_),
  mki_no_sop = \(x, y) gte_n(y, 2, mki(x, y, na.rm = TRUE), NA_real_),
  cod = \(x, y) gte_n(y, min_n, cod(x / y, na.rm = TRUE), NA_real_),
  cod_met = \(x, y) gte_n(y, min_n, cod_met(cod(x / y, na.rm = TRUE)), NA),
  prd = \(x, y) gte_n(y, min_n, prd(x, y, na.rm = TRUE), NA_real_),
  prd_met = \(x, y) gte_n(y, min_n, prd_met(prd(x, y, na.rm = TRUE)), NA),
  prb = \(x, y) gte_n(y, min_n, prb(x, y, na.rm = TRUE), NA_real_),
  prb_met = \(x, y) gte_n(y, min_n, prb_met(prb(x, y, na.rm = TRUE)), NA),
  mki = \(x, y) gte_n(y, min_n, mki(x, y, na.rm = TRUE), NA_real_),
  mki_met = \(x, y) gte_n(y, min_n, mki_met(mki(x, y, na.rm = TRUE)), NA),
  min = \(x) min(x, na.rm = TRUE),
  q25 = \(x) quantile(x, na.rm = TRUE, probs = 0.25),
  median = \(x) median(x, na.rm = TRUE),
  median_sale = \(x, y) median(y, na.rm = TRUE),
  median_ratio = \(x, y) median(x / y, na.rm = TRUE),
  q75 = \(x) quantile(x, na.rm = TRUE, probs = 0.75),
  max = \(x) max(x, na.rm = TRUE)
)

## Some functions require 2 or 1 arguments.
apply_functions <- function(dataset, dataset_name) {

>   x <- dataset$pred_pin_initial_fmv

Author: @dfsnow - Does this mean that all pred_pin_initial_fmv should be pred_pin_final_fmv_round, or in just specific sections?

    if (length(formals(f)) == 2) {
      f(x, y)
    } else {
      f(x)
    }
  })

  results_df <- as.data.frame(results_rs)
  results_df$count <- nrow(dataset)
  results_df$median_prior_near_tot <- median(dataset$prior_near_tot, na.rm = TRUE)
  results_df$dataset <- dataset_name

  return(results_df)
}

results <- bind_rows(
  lapply(names(datasets_sold), function(dataset_name) {
    apply_functions(datasets_sold[[dataset_name]], dataset_name)
  })
)

results %>%
  as.data.frame() %>%
  mutate(
    median_change = ((median - median_prior_near_tot) / median_prior_near_tot) * 100,
    min = round(min),
    q25 = round(q25),
    median = round(median),
    `median previous estimate` = round(median_prior_near_tot),
    q75 = round(q75),
    max = round(max)
  ) %>%
  select(dataset, count, "median yoy change" = median_change, "median ratio" = median_ratio, cod, prb, prd, mki, min, q25, "median predicted" = median, "median sale" = median_sale, "median previous estimate", q75, max) %>%
  kable(format = "html", digits = 2, row.names = FALSE, format.args = list(big.mark = ","), align = rep("l", 15)) %>%
  kable_styling()
```

```{r _challenge_groups_plot_function, results = 'asis'}

> ## Interactive elements are hashed out in order to produce rendered version

Reviewer: **suggestion:** IMO it's incredibly useful to make these into plotly plots so we can see individual PINs. See the overall performance report for an example.

plots <- imap(datasets_sold, ~ {
  p <- ggplot(.x, aes(
    x = sale_ratio_study_price / 1000, y = pred_pin_initial_fmv / 1000
    # , tooltip = "pin" = meta_pin
  )) +
    geom_point() +
    geom_abline(intercept = 0, slope = 1, color = "red") +
    scale_x_continuous(
      name = "Actual FMV (Sale Price in $K)",
      limits = c(0, 2000)
    ) +
    scale_y_continuous(
      name = "Estimated FMV (in $K)",
      limits = c(0, 2000)

>     ) +

Reviewer: **issue (blocking):** This should be labelled using dollars.

    theme_bw(base_size = 12)
  # ggplotly(p, tooltip = "text")
})
```
## Relationship Between Sale and Assessed Values

> Sale and assessed values are capped at $2million to increase legibility. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sale and assessed values are capped at $2 million to increase legibility. 
```
